== README ==

DISCLAIMER: The Glucosy site is intended to provide general information only - it is not to be relied upon for medical advice. The content of the site is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Do not disregard your doctor's instructions, or delay in seeking medical attention because of any information provided by Glucosy.

Overview

The Glucosy app was built to assist those those diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes, manage their blood sugar levels more effectively. 

Gems, Libraries and Add-ons

- ForecastIO (weather API)
- Heroku scheduler (background task scheduling)
- Mandrill (automatic emailing)
- Nutritionix (nutrition information API)
- Geocoder (API)
- Dropzone (upload files via drag 'n' drop in browser)
- Chartjs (charts)
- Carrierwave (file upload)
- Bootstrap (design and styling)
- jQuery (library)
- Handlebars (library)
- Underscore (library)

Database

ActiveRecord and Postgres are used to manage the database. If you would like to setup your own instance of the site, use 'rake' to create and migrate the database.

Primary Functionality

Users have the ability to upload data from their digital blood sugar monitor, and review this data in chart format.

The site also provides information on the carbohydrate content for more than 300,000 food items. A calculator also produces an estimate of the amount of insulin required to offset the carbohydrates in a meal, based on the user's input of foods that comprise the meal.

Registered users are sent daily weather updates via email, with details on any significant temperature changes that are forecast over the coming week. The location for the forecast will be the location from where the user last logged into the site.

Bugs

Currently, we are unaware of any bugs in the code. If you happen to stumble across a bug or fault, please contact us via github.

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Thanks and Acknowledgements

As always, the team would like to thank Joel and Jack for the blood, sweat and tears they gave during project week. You guys were instrumental in helping us achieve our goal and making the site a success. Naturally, huge thanks and applause must go to Bishin, Sox, Tom and Xander, who sacrificed sleep and put their lives on hold for a week to make that the project was delivered on time. Good work team!!